Hello, my name is Kenzo and in this
video you will acquire English naturally
by watching, listening, and following
along as I play Minecraft hardcore. So
far, we've survived 36 days. And once
again, I played a little bit off camera.
I changed the enchanting room a little
bit. I added windows. Now there are
windows in the enchanting room. I made
one, two, three, four, five windows. So
now there's lots of sunlight in the
enchanting room. And today I'm going to
build some bookshelves and add some
bookshelves around the enchanting table.
And I also broke this wall. I broke this
wall. And that's because in the future I
want to expand the house this direction.
In the future, this will be a hallway.
But for now, I just blocked it off using
dirt. The first thing that I want to do
is add the bookshelves to the enchanting
room. So, let's build some bookshelves.
I think I have some leather down here. I
have 12 leather now. I have 15 leather
in total. And I also remember stealing
some bookshelves from a village
somewhere. I have books.
Um, valuable.
Yeah, I have 23 books. Let's craft some
bookshelves. We can craft seven
bookshelves.
There we go. We have seven bookshelves.
And let's place them. We're going to
need to build more bookshelves, but we
can start with seven. 1 2 3 4 5 6
7. And now you can see
some power going from the books to the
enchanting table.
The enchanting table is being powered by
the books. We can build more books with
this leather, but we also need some
paper. Do we have paper
or sugar cane? Do we have any sugar
cane?
I don't think I have any sugar cane.
First, I'm going to put away all of this
stuff in my inventory. Give me one
minute.
Okay, I cleared out my inventory. Now,
let's go find some sugar cane. Let's
open the door.
Ah, the sun's going down. I'm going to
wait and I'm going to go to sleep. And
then in the morning, I'll go searching
for sugar cane. Can I sleep? I'm going
to wait and I'm going to go to sleep.
There we go. We're sleeping. It's
morning. All right, let's go find some
sugar cane. Actually, there's already
some sugar cane right there.
It's a chicken. I have an idea.
First, I'm going to plant some sugar
cane. Let's plant the sugar cane.
Okay. Oh, look. There's more sugar cane
over there. There's a chicken right
here. And I want to make this chicken my
pet. So, I need to find some seeds.
Seeds. Okay. Now, now this chicken is
following me. See?
I'm going to take the chicken back to my
house. The chicken swims really slowly,
so I'm pushing the chicken across the
water.
I'm pushing the chicken to the sand.
Okay,
come on, chicken. Let's go.
Another chicken. Come on, chicken.
Oh, now we have two chickens.
Come in the house. Let's go inside.
Come on, chickens.
All right,
we have two chickens.
Let's breed these chickens using seeds.
I have lots of seeds.
Let's give these chickens the seeds.
All right. And a baby chicken. Now we
have a baby chicken. So cute. Okay,
let's find more sugar cane. Sugar cane.
More sugar cane. More sugar cane. Let's
check on my farm. Let's see if the
potatoes have grown. Open.
Nope.
Oh, these potatoes are done. These
potatoes are fully grown. Let's harvest
these potatoes.
There we go. And let's replant them.
These potatoes need a little bit more
time. And we'll plant the sugar cane.
Okay. And we'll just have to wait for
this sugar cane to grow. The next thing
that I want to do is build another
portal. So, let's get some obsidian.
some obsidian and I'll use smooth stone
for the corners.
All right, let's go outside.
Where should we build the Nether portal?
H
maybe I'll build the Nether portal
over there.
Let's build it over there. Let's build
the Nether portal. One, two. In the
corners, we'll use smooth stone.
Now, let's go up three blocks. One, two,
three.
One, two, three.
And let's finish the portal.
There we go. Now, we need some flint and
steel. Let's go back home. The sun's
going down.
some XP.
Let's go inside and let's go to sleep.
Let's make some flint and steel. We need
one iron ingot and one flint.
Do we have any flint?
Ah, we do. We have six flint. Now, let's
an egg.
One of these chickens laid an egg. Let's
collect our egg. I'm going to throw the
egg.
A no baby chicken. All right, let's make
some flint and steel.
Here it is. Flint and steel.
Okay,
I think we're ready to go to the Nether.
But first, I need a piece of golden
armor. Do I have any golden armor?
Oh, yeah. I have a lot of golden armor.
Let's take this golden helmet
and let's wear the golden helmet.
All right, let's complete our Nether
portal using our flint and steel.
There we go. The Nether portal is
finished. By the way, if you're enjoying
these videos, you should check out my
Kofi shop. Here I have 1 2 3 4 five
different prints for sale. And these
prints are made by hand. I'll show you
here. I'm rolling ink onto the block.
And now I'll take this block and I'll
press it on to the paper.
Here I'm pressing the block on the
paper. And now I rub the paper. I rub
the paper with a spoon. And here I peel
it.
And there's my print. If these videos
have ever been helpful to you, buying
something from my Kofi shop would be a
great way to support this channel and I
would really appreciate it. Back to the
video. I'm going to eat some bread.
All right. And now let's go into the
Nether and look around.
Jump.
Here we go. We're going into the Nether.
Here we are.
Whoa. There are some red trees.
Uh-oh.
A gas.
Die. Die.
I can't hit it.
Oh no.
Come on.
Come on. I got it. Oh, okay. Let's pick
up the XP. What's this? A music disc.
Music disc. Amos. Rody. Tears.
I found a music disc and it's white. I'm
going to continue exploring a little
bit, but I'm not going to get too far
away from my portal. I want to stay
close to my portal
so I can get back home. Oh, hello.
Hello. These piglins don't attack you if
you're wearing golden armor. I'm wearing
a golden helmet, so they're not
attacking me. Oh no, this one's burning.
It died.
That piglin walked into the lava. Whoa.
I think you can ride these things with a
saddle.
Look,
that zombie pigman is holding a fishing
pole and it's riding on one of these
creatures.
in the lava.
Uhoh, a magma cube. Die. Die. Die. Die.
The magma cubes divide when you kill
them.
Die. Die. Die. Die. Ooh, some magma
cream.
I picked up the magma cream.
Oh no.
Die guest.
I got it. I'm going to start digging
into the wall right here. I'm going to
use my pickaxe
and let's start digging.
Oh.
Uh-oh.
Die, die, die. I killed it. Okay, let's
keep going. I'm going to keep on
digging.
This is a tree. Let's use the axe.
Whoa.
What kind of wood is this?
Crimson stem here. There's a light.
Let's break this light with the axe.
I picked it up. A shroom light.
Uh-oh. Lava. Ooh. Run away. Run away.
Right here. We're going to have to turn
to the left.
Oo.
Let's go down there.
Oh no. Die, die, die, die.
I'm going to place a torch here.
So, I remember that my tunnel is right
here.
An enderman. I'm going to go in my
tunnel and I'm going to look at the
enderman.
I'm looking at it.
Die. Die. It can't get me here. The
enderman can't attack me. See? Die. I'm
going to eat some bread.
I'm going to hit the enderman with some
bread. Die.
Okay, we killed the enderman and it
dropped an ender pearl.
Oh no, another ghast.
Oh, the gas hit the pig.
The pig's on fire. Die, die, die.
Uh-oh.
Let's kill this ghast.
No, I missed.
I missed again.
Uh-oh. Uh oh,
I'm running.
Die, die, die, die, die. Oh, I'm almost
dead. I need to eat. I need to eat. And
I need to heal. Two hearts.
I need to hide.
I'm going to hide in this wall.
Okay. I'm just going to wait here and
heal. I almost died there. I need to go
back home. I'm not ready for the Nether.
I'm going to eat some bread and I'm
going to heal and I'm going to go back
home once my health is full. Almost
there.
All right, here we go. Let's go back
home.
Oh no. Run. I'm running away.
Let's collect some of this nether quartz
over here. There's some more nether
quartz.
Okay,
we're finding a lot of pork chops. I
have 23 pork chops now. Let's mine some
of these golden nuggets.
There's another enderman.
Die die die
enderman. Another ender pearl.
Great. We found two ender pearls. Let's
run down this long tunnel.
And here we turn to the right. Let's
collect more of these shroom lights.
More shroom lights. More shroom lights.
And we're back to the portal.
I'm going to mine a little bit more
nether quartz. All right, let's go back
home. Let's go into the portal. Ooh, and
let's not go into the lava.
All right, here we are back home in the
Nether. We found two ender pearls, 33
nether quartz, we got 23 raw pork chop,
a ton of gold nuggets, and we also found
a music disc. Let's turn these gold
nuggets into gold ingots.
Let's see.
We made 10 gold ingots. And I think I
have more gold ingots in this chest.
Yeah, here I have 12.
Let's take these golden ingots and go
back into the Nether.
But first, I'm going to put away all of
this stuff. All right, I cleared out my
inventory.
Now, let's go back to the Nether. And
this time I'm bringing a bunch of gold
ingots.
Let's go back to the Nether. Let's
search for some piglins.
Oh, here are some piglins.
These piglins love gold. So, let's take
some golden ingots and let's trade with
the piglins. Here you go.
He gave me some stone.
Some black stone. All right. Here you
go.
Oh, the baby. The baby took the ingot.
Come on. That baby stole the ingot from
me.
Here you go.
All right,
let's trade with this piglin.
Ooh, some obsidian.
One obsidian. All right, let's try it
again.
Um,
he gave me a fire charge.
Here you go. Let's trade. And I need to
eat some bread.
What will it give me?
A potion.
What kind of potion is this?
A fire resistance potion. Okay, that's
good.
Some more black stone. More black stone.
Do you want some gold?
Gold. Oh, this one took it.
Oh, it gave me some leather. Okay, this
piglin is holding a golden spear. Here
you go. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. No. No. No. Oh,
there's a piglin.
Let's trade with this piglin.
Have some gold.
All right, we're trading with two
piglins.
Some arrows.
And more arrows.
Okay, we got some arrows.
again.
Again.
Oh, some nether quartz. And
two ender pearls
again.
Third time.
Some stone and some leather.
Fourth time.
An enderman. I'm not going to look at
it.
A fire charge and some black stone.
Last gold,
a fire charge,
and
I think it was some obsidian.
And I have no more gold. So, let's go
back home. I'm going back to the portal.
And let's go through the portal.
Oh, a zombie pigman.
Oh, and one of these guys.
And let's go to sleep.
An egg. Two eggs. Let's throw these
eggs.
One. Two.
No baby chickens. And I'm going to end
this episode right here. Thanks for
watching. If you're enjoying these
videos, you can make a donation on my
Kofi page. And I will see you in the
next video. See you.